Adds further mutagen hints/refs to the caveats (#3358)
drud/ddev: docs/users/performance.md

* **Not for every project**: Mutagen is not the right choice for every project. If filesystem consistency is your highest priority (as opposed to performance) then you'll want to walk carefully. At this point, there haven't been major issues reported, but two-way sync is a very difficult computational problem, and problems may surface. If you have backups (Time Machine!) and code under source control, you should be fine.
* **Only one mutagen version on machine please**: DDEV installs its own mutagen. **You do not need to install mutagen.** Multiple mutagen versions can't coexist on one machine, so please stop any running mutagen. On macOS, `killall mutagen`. If you absolutely have to have mutagen installed via homebrew or another technique (for another project) make sure it's the same version as you get with `ddev version`.
* **Best on macOS**: This is mostly for macOS users. WSL2 is already the preferred environment for Windows users, but if you're still using traditional Windows this makes a huge difference. Turning on mutagen doesn't make sense on Linux or WSL2.

> * **Increased disk usage**: Mutagen integration ends up at least doubling the size of your project code disk usage, because the code exists both on your computer and also inside a docker volume. So take care that you have enough overall disk space, and also (on macOS) that you have enough file space set up in Docker Desktop. If you have a large amount of data like user-generated content that does not need syncing (i.e. "fileadmin" for TYPO3 or "upload_dir" for Drupal), you can exclude specific directories from getting duplicated. See [below for Advanced Mutagen configuration options](#mutagen-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Increased disk usage**: Mutagen integration ends up at least doubling the size of your project code disk usage, because the code exists both on your computer and also inside a docker volume. So take care that you have enough overall disk space, and also (on macOS) that you have enough file space set up in Docker Desktop. If you have a large amount of data like user-generated content that does not need syncing (i.e. "fileadmin" for TYPO3 or "sites/default/files" for Drupal), you can exclude specific directories from getting synced and use regular docker mount for them instead. See [below for Advanced Mutagen configuration options](#mutagen-config).
```
